PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH"...
DIVINE SERPENT, GO!
STRIKE DOWN
ONE OF HIS KNIGHTS.
YOU JUST LOST THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS,
SO THE DUEL IS OVER.
HOW DID YOU SURVIVE?
WHEN MY LIFE POINTS
HIT ZERO,
RELAY SOUL ALLOWED ME
TO STAY IN THE GAME
BY SUMMONING
MY DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
AND PUTTING MY FATE
IN HER HANDS.
SO YOU AND I ARE IN
THE SAME SITUATION NOW.
EACH OF US
HAS ONE MONSTER.
YOU HAVE YOUR SERPENT,
AND I HAVE
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL.
WHEN ONE IS DESTROYED,
THE CARDHOLDER WILL LOSE.
NOW, DIVINE SERPENT,
END THIS DUEL.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
IF SHE'S DESTROYED,
ALL HOPE IS LOST.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
DIVINE SERPENT,
END THIS DUEL.
LEGENDARY KNIGHT HERMOS,
ACTIVATE YOUR
SWORD OF RENEWAL.
ABSORB THE POWER
OF A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
I'LL PROTECT YOU,
MY PHARAOH!
THANKS TO THE HELP
OF MY CELTIC GUARDIAN,
HERMOS IS SAFE
FROM ANY MONSTER
WITH 1,900 POINTS
OR MORE.
WE'LL SEE.
IN THE NAME
OF ATLANTIS...
WE SHALL DEFEND...
HE WHO HAS
RELEASED US.
Yami-Yugi: YOUR SERPENT
HAS BEEN STOPPED.
WELL, SO MUCH FOR
INFINITE STRENGTH.
LESSON ONE,
ATTACK POINTS DON'T
MEAN EVERYTHING.
YOU DODGE ONE BLAST,
AND YOU THINK
YOU'RE KING OF THE WORLD?
PLEASE.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
ALL RIGHT, THIS IS
MY LAST CHANCE
TO WIN THIS DUEL
AND FREE THE SOULS
OF MY FRIENDS
FROM CAPTIVITY.
PLEASE,
HEART OF THE CARDS,
GUIDE ME.
CRITIAS AND HERMOS,
PREPARE TO ATTACK.
TAKE DOWN
HIS DIVINE SERPENT!
RIGHT.
FEEL MY SWORD
OF WISDOM!
OF RENEWAL.
THEY'RE TOO WEAK.
ARE YOU SURE?
IF I WERE YOU,
I'D TAKE A CLOSER LOOK.
WHAT'S THIS?
YOUR KNIGHTS
SHOULD HAVE BEEN DESTROYED
THE MOMENT THEY COLLIDED
WITH MY DIVINE SERPENT.
WRONG.
HAS YOUR MEMORY FADED
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS?
EACH ONE
OF THESE KNIGHTS
HAS A HIDDEN POWER.
NOW, CRITIAS,
ABSORB THE ABILITY
OF MY ATTACK
GUIDANCE BARRIER.
THIS ALLOWS
CRITIAS TO
TRANSFER HIS ATTACK
TO ANY OTHER
MONSTER ON THE FIELD.
SO THE NEW
TARGET OF
HIS SWORD OF WISDOM
WILL BE
LEGENDARY KNIGHT HERMOS.
WHAT?
IT'S TIME FOR HERMOS
TO ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY NOW.
BUT FIRST
I MUST SACRIFICE
MY 3 MAGNET WARRIORS.
THIS ALLOWS HERMOS
TO TRIPLE THE STRENGTH
OF CRITIAS' ATTACK...
AND SEND THAT ATTACK
RIGHT BACK.
YOU CAN'T.
I JUST DID!
NOW MY TWO KNIGHTS
ARE REFLECTING
THEIR ATTACK
BACK AND FORTH
AS ITS STRENGTH
INCREASES TO INFINITY.
SO?
THAT ATTACK IS STUCK
IN AN ENDLESS LOOP.
HOLD ON, DARTZ.
I'M NOT DONE, YET.
I STILL HAVE
ONE KNIGHT LEFT.
TIMAEUS, MERGE TOGETHER
WITH HERMOS AND CRITIAS!
YOUR DIVINE
SERPENT'S STRENGTH
MAY BE INFINITE,
BUT THAT'S STILL
NOT ENOUGH,
FOR NOW THERE'S A FORCE
BEYOND INFINITY--
MY KNIGHT OF DESTINY!
A POWER GREATER
THAN MY DIVINE SERPENT?
IMPOSSIBLE.
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
KNIGHT OF DESTINY,
ATTACK HIS
REPTILE WITH
SWORD OF JUSTICE.
NO!
Joey: LOOK, IT'S
SOME KIND OF OPENING.
THAT COULD BE
A WAY OUT, GUYS.
Yami-Yugi:
YOU LOSE, DARTZ.
YOUR 10,000-YEAR QUEST
IS FINALLY OVER.
IT CAN'T BE.
I'VE COME TOO CLOSE.
ALL I NEED IS
ONE MORE POWERFUL SOUL.
AND THE GREAT LEVIATHAN
WILL ARISE
FROM THE DEPTHS
OF THE EARTH.
TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE.
YOUR SERPENT
HAS BEEN DESTROYED,
AND WITH THAT, OUR DUEL
COMES TO AN END.
NOW RELEASE THE SOULS
OF MY FRIENDS
AND EVERYONE ELSE
YOU'VE HELD CAPTIVE.
Fugata:
I HOPE MR. KAIBA'S
ALL RIGHT IN THERE.
[RUMBLING]
AND I HOPE WE'RE
ALL RIGHT OUT HERE.
Fugata:
NOW WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT'S A CYCLONE!
Man, on radio:
THIS IS CENTRAL COMMAND
TO U.S.S. COURAGE.
WE'VE RECEIVED REPORTS
THAT A MASSIVE STORM
OF UNKNOWN ORIGINS
IS SPREADING ACROSS
THE GLOBE.
UPGRADE ALL UNITS TO YELLOW
ALERT STATUS IMMEDIATELY,
AND MAINTAIN
YOUR CURRENT COORDINATES
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
Timaeus: CHOSEN DUELISTS,
BY THE POWER OF ATLANTIS,
WE RELEASE THEE.
HEY!
AAH!
WHOA!
THERE ARE OTHER PEOPLE
IN HERE, TOO, YOU KNOW.
Timaeus: NOW, DUELISTS
OF THE PROPHECY,
BY ORDER OF
THE KNIGHTS OF ATLANTIS,
CROSS INTO THE HUMAN WORLD.
YUGI.
MOKUBA, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
COME ON, WAKE UP.
SETO, YOU'RE HERE.
OH, GREAT.
YOU'RE BACK.
OH, MAN.
DID DARTZ
GET YOU, TOO?
COME ON, WAKE UP.
Tea: HUH?
WHA--WHA--
WHERE ARE WE?
IS THAT YUGI?
NAH, IT'S THE PHARAOH.
NO, TRISTAN.
I THINK YUGI'S BACK.
Mokuba: HE DOES KIND
OF LOOK SHORTER.
IT IS YOU.
YUGI!
TEA?
I THOUGHT WE'D NEVER
SEE YOU AGAIN.
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YOU, TOO.
Joey: ALL RIGHT,
OUT OF MY WAY, PEOPLE.
WHERE'S MY LITTLE BUDDY?
HA HA! YUGE!
MAN, DID I MISS
THIS SPIKY LITTLE HEAD.
HEY, JOEY.
THE GANG IS BACK!
Tristan:
DON'T FORGET ABOUT ME!
YUGI, THE LEGENDARY KNIGHTS
HAVE SET YOU FREE.
DOES THAT MEAN
YOU BEAT DARTZ?
YES. BUT AS SOON
AS OUR DUEL ENDED,
HE DISAPPEARED
INTO SOME VORTEX,
AND I HAVE A BAD FEELING
THE WORST IS YET TO COME,
BUT AT LEAST
WE'LL FACE IT TOGETHER.
I GUESS IF YOU GUYS
WERE SET FREE,
SO WAS EVERYONE ELSE
DARTZ CAPTURED.
GUESS AGAIN,
MOKUBA.
NOT EVERYONE
WAS SO LUCKY.
Joey: ALL
THE OTHER POOR SCHLUBS
ARE STILL TRAPPED.
MR. KAIBA,
COME OUTSIDE!
LOOK!
OH, GREAT.
WHAT IS THAT?
Joey:
WHATEVER IT IS,
IT'S HUGE.
Tea: DON'T TELL ME.
Tristan: WHAT?
IT'S ATLANTIS!
Tristan:
YOU SURE THAT THING
IS ATLANTIS?
Joey: HMM.
BIG ANCIENT CITY
LOOKING THING RISING UP
OUT OF THE OCEAN?
I'D SAY THAT
FITS THE BILL.
I GUESS THIS MEANS DARTZ
IS STILL OUT THERE
AND HE'S NOT GONNA GIVE UP.
LET'S JUST HOPE
HE'S ALONE, GUYS.
YA MEAN HE COULD
HAVE WOKEN UP THAT
LEVIATHAN THING?
IS THAT THE GIANT MONSTER
HE KEPT TALKING ABOUT?
YUP. AND
LET ME TELL YA,
FROM WHAT I SAW,
IT AIN'T PRETTY.
Man: WELL,
HOW'S IT LOOK
OUT THERE?
NOT GOOD.
A STRANGE UNDERWATER
DISTURBANCE
HAS TRIGGERED
A GIANT HURRICANE.
IT'S OVER 6,000 MILES
IN DIAMETER
AND HEADING TOWARDS
THE ATLANTIC COASTLINE
AS WE SPEAK.
WHEN WILL IT REACH LAND?
APPROXIMATELY
ONE HOUR.
IN ONE HOUR?
Kaiba: I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE DEAL IS,
BUT I'M GOING UP THERE
TO FIND OUT.
Tristan: GREAT.
TELL US ALL ABOUT IT
WHEN YOU GET BACK.
HOLD ON, GUYS,
I'M GOING, TOO.
Tea: YOU'RE
WHAT?
NOT WITHOUT ME
YOU'RE NOT.
ARE YOU
THREE NUTS?
YOU JUST GOT BACK
AND YOU'RE GONNA
WALK INTO DARTZ'S
HANDS AGAIN?
YOU'VE DONE
EVERYTHING YOU CAN,
SO JUST WALK AWAY
WHILE YOU STILL
HAVE THE CHANCE.
LOOK, I KNOW IT'S HARD
TO SEE US GO,
BUT THERE ARE PEOPLE
STILL TRAPPED
ON THE OTHER SIDE,
AND THEY'RE COUNTING
ON US, TEA.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
WE'LL BE BACK SOON.
Roland: MR. KAIBA,
MORE BAD NEWS.
WHAT NOW?
THERE'S A MASSIVE HURRICANE
HEADING FOR THE EAST COAST,
AND IT'LL BE THERE
IN LESS THAN ONE HOUR.
HURRICANE?
Kaiba: I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU DWEEBS,
BUT I'M GOING UP THERE
TO FIND DARTZ.
SETO, HOLD ON!
YEAH,
WAIT FOR US.
DON'T DO ME
ANY FAVORS, YUGI.
I'M PERFECTLY CAPABLE
OF HANDLING THIS
ON MY OWN.
HEY, DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GETTING
ALL THE CREDIT
FOR THIS.
DON'T YOU HAVE
SOMEONE ELSE TO ANNOY?
NOPE. NOT AT
THE MOMENT.
WAIT, YUGI!
WHAT'S UP?
WAIT. I KNOW.
YOU WANT TO WISH
THE PHARAOH LUCK, RIGHT?
UM, ACTUALLY I WANTED
TO WISH YOU LUCK.
OH.
AND, YUGI, YOU PROMISED
YOU'D COME BACK SOON.
NOW GO AND KICK SOME
DARTZ BUTT, WILL YA?
SURE THING.
WE'LL BE BACK
BEFORE YA KNOW IT.
AND REMEMBER,
WE'RE HERE
IF YOU NEED US.
Yugi:
THANKS, TRISTAN.
Tea: STOP RIGHT
THERE, MOKUBA.
YOUR BROTHER'S
GONNA BE FINE,
TRUST ME.
THAT'S WEIRD.
MY PUZZLE IS
REACTING TO SOMETHING.
WHOA! NO WAY!
IT'S ALL 3 OF MY
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
FINALLY, THEY'RE BACK
WHERE THEY BELONG.
YES, BUT THEY'RE
POWERLESS NOW.
DARTZ MUST HAVE
TRANSFERRED THEIR ENERGY
TO HIS GREAT LEVIATHAN.
WELL, HOPEFULLY WHEN
THIS IS ALL OVER,
THEY'LL BE BACK TO
THEIR OLD SELVES.
YES, BUT WE'VE
A LONG WAY TO GO.
Joey: IS IT ME,
OR WAS THIS ROOM
WALLPAPERED WITH SOULS
A FEW MINUTES AGO?
THAT LEVIATHAN MUST HAVE
BEAMED 'EM ALL UP.
HEY, GUYS,
YOU'LL NEED THESE.
Joey: HERMOS.
Kaiba: CRITIAS.
OH, YEAH, WE'RE BACK
IN BUSINESS, BABY.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO NOW
IS FIND THAT SNAKE.
HE COULDN'T HAVE GONE FAR.
Dartz: RIGHT YOU ARE.
[LAUGHS]
COME IN, GENTLEMEN.
THE PARTY'S JUST BEGUN.
IT'S HIM!
ARE WE GOING
OR WHAT?
WHAT DO YOU THINK,
GENIUS?
Joey: I'M DETECTING
SOME SARCASM, RICH BOY.
Kaiba: REALLY?
WE'RE HERE.
BOY, THIS ATLANTIS PLACE
IS A REAL DUMP, HUH?
ANY IDEA WHERE DARTZ IS?
I HAVE A HUNCH.
UH, YEAH.
I GUESS GIANT
GREEN BEAM OF LIGHT
MARKS THE SPOT.
WELL, THIS IS IT.
YU-GI-OH!
LET'S GO.
Yami-Yugi:
HE MUST BE OVER THERE.
HEY, I THINK
I SEE HIM,
JUST SITTIN' THERE
WAITIN' TO GET
CRUSHED
BY THE AWESOME
THREESOME.
HOLD ON.
Joey: AND I
THOUGHT THIS GUY
WAS CREEPY BEFORE.
CAREFUL, YUGE.
ALL RIGHT, DOES
SOMEONE WANT TO
FILL ME IN HERE?
DARTZ MUST HAVE SOMEHOW
LEFT HIS BODY BEHIND.
BUT HOW?
PLEASE.
IT'S JUST ANOTHER ONE
OF HIS CHEAP TRICKS.
Dartz: IS THAT YOUR ANSWER
TO EVERYTHING, KAIBA?
YOU REALLY NEED
A NEW CATCH PHRASE.
WHERE ARE YOU?
I'M RIGHT HERE
WITH THE GREAT LEVIATHAN.
HOLD ON, DARTZ!
YOU TOLD US
YOUR LEVIATHAN
COULDN'T AWAKEN
WITHOUT THE SOULS
OF THE 3 CHOSEN
DUELISTS.
YES, I DID SAY THAT,
DIDN'T I?
WELL, I SUBSTITUTED
YOUR SOULS WITH
AN EQUALLY POWERFUL ONE.
YOUR SOUL.
BINGO.
WHAT'S THAT?
Dartz:
FUELED BY THE POWER
OF MY SPIRIT,
THE GREAT BEAST
HAS RETURNED.
THIS IS NUTS!
Joey: THAT THING COULD
PICK ITS TEETH
WITH AN EGYPTIAN
GOD MONSTER.
AND IT'S HERE
TO CONQUER MANKIND.
HOLD ON.
WHAT'S THAT?
Kaiba: WHAT?
THAT LITTLE GREEN
PIMPLE ON ITS NOSE.
WAIT. IT'S DARTZ.
YES, WHEN HE LOST
OUR DUEL,
HE MUST HAVE SOMEHOW
MERGED TOGETHER
WITH THE GREAT
LEVIATHAN.
Dartz:
YES, IT'S TRUE.
NOTHING GETS PAST
YOU, PHARAOH.
THAT'S IT!
I'M NOT GONNA STAND HERE
AND TALK TO SOME
MUTATED HOOD ORNAMENT.
I'M JUST GONNA BLAST YOU
INTO NEXT WEEK.
[DARTZ LAUGHS]
Dartz: I'D LOVE
TO SEE YOU TRY.
ALL RIGHT, BRING IT ON
YOU OVERSIZED
SNAKE IN THE GRASS.
LET'S DO THIS.
I SUMMON
MY DARK MAGICIAN,
MY SUMMONED SKULL,
AND MY KURIBOH.
I'M KICKIN' IT WITH
MY FLAME SWORDSMAN,
MY JINZO, AND GOOD
OL' RED-EYES.
MY TURN!
GO, BLUE-EYES
ULTIMATE DRAGON.
THEN I'LL ADD
GADGET SOLDIER,
AND VORSE RAIDER.
NOW, TIMAEUS...
ALONG WITH
THE FANG OF CRITIAS...
AND THE UNSTOPPABLE
CLAW OF HERMOS!
All: ARISE!
I PLAY LEGEND OF HEART!
AND NOW SHOW US
YOUR TRUE FORM!
BEHOLD, THE LEGENDARY
KNIGHTS OF ATLANTIS.
YOU'RE KIDDING
ME, YUGE.
THEY'RE REALLY KNIGHTS?
NOW, MONSTERS, ATTACK!
Dartz:
SO WHEN DO YOU PLAN
ON LAUNCHING
YOUR REAL ATTACK,
GENTLEMEN?
[LAUGHS]
NOW DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT YOU'RE DEALING WITH?
TIMAEUS,
ABSORB KURIBOH'S
ABILITY TO MULTIPLY!
ATTACK WITH THE FORCE
OF 10,000 KNIGHTS!
GO, SWORD OF JUSTICE!
END THIS NOW!
DIRECT HIT!
THE PRISONERS ARE FREE.
[DARTZ LAUGHS]
Dartz: COULD HAVE FOOLED ME.
NO WAY!
ALL THOSE ATTACKS
AND NOT ONE SCRATCH?
THAT MAKES NO SENSE.
IT GETS WORSE.
'CAUSE I THINK
IT'S THAT
THING'S TURN
TO ATTACK US.
OH, NO!
AND IF THAT ATTACK
HITS US,
WE'RE GONNA BE
FRIED TO A CRISP.
GO, LEGENDARY
KNIGHT TIMAEUS!
ABSORB THE POWER
OF MY BIG SHIELD GARDNA
AND ACTIVATE
FULL BARRIER SHIELD!
LEVIATHAN
IS TOO STRONG!
OUR MONSTERS,
THEY'RE ALL GONE.
WE STILL HAVE
OUR 3 KNIGHTS...
FOR NOW,
BUT OL' LEVIATHAN'S GEARIN'
UP FOR ANOTHER ATTACK,
AND THIS TIME
WE MAY NOT BE SO LUCKY.
BRACE
YOURSELVES.
I RECOGNIZE THOSE LIGHTS.
ME, TOO.
ME THREE.
IT'S JUST LIKE
THAT NIGHT
WHEN THE GATEWAY
FIRST OPENED.